com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.zzbu: void setMinimumWidth
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.zzbu: void setMinimumHeight
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.zzbu: void setVisibility
android.support.v4.widget.CircleImageView: void setElevation
android.support.v4.widget.CircleImageView: void setBackground
android.support.v4.widget.CircleImageView: void setLayerType
android.support.v4.widget.CircleImageView: void setPadding
android.support.v4.widget.CircleImageView: void setBackgroundColor
android.widget.EditText: void setText
android.widget.EditText: void setTextColor
android.widget.ImageButton: void setImageResource
android.widget.ImageButton: void setBackground
android.widget.ImageButton: void setBackgroundColor
android.widget.ImageButton: void setPadding
android.widget.ImageButton: void setContentDescription
android.widget.ImageButton: void setVisibility
android.widget.ImageButton: void setLayoutParams
android.widget.ImageButton: void setImageDrawable
android.widget.ImageButton: void setScaleType
android.widget.EditText: void setLayoutParams
android.widget.EditText: void setSingleLine
android.widget.EditText: void setInputType
android.widget.EditText: void setImeOptions
android.widget.ImageButton: void setBackgroundDrawable
android.support.v4.widget.SearchViewCompatIcs$MySearchView: void setQuery
org.apache.cordova.engine.SystemWebView: void loadUrl
android.widget.Button: void setLayoutParams
android.widget.Button: void setText
com.google.android.gms.internal.zzamo: void setBackgroundColor
com.google.android.gms.internal.zzamo: void loadUrl
com.google.android.gms.internal.zzamo: void loadDataWithBaseURL
android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost: void setCurrentTab
android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost: void setCurrentTabByTag
android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost: void setup
android.support.v4.widget.CircleImageView: void setAnimation
android.support.v4.widget.CircleImageView: void setImageDrawable
android.support.v4.widget.CircleImageView: void setVisibility
android.support.v4.widget.CircleImageView: void setScaleX
android.support.v4.widget.CircleImageView: void setScaleY
android.support.v4.widget.CircleImageView: void setTop
